Adds legacy and non-legacy tracing configurations + automations (#4)
input-output-hk/ouroboros-network-ops: README.md

https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-node/blob/master/nix/nixos/cardano-node-service.nix#L136
to see all the options available for configuration.

### Cardano Tracer

After deploying you can setup `cardano-tracer` to monitor the nodes with RTView or
Prometheus and EKG servers (Please see more [here](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-node/tree/master/cardano-tracer#readme))

Currently this deployment repository is configured to work with cardano-tracer and
monitoring the nodes via RTView (please check the specific [RTView page](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-node/blob/master/cardano-tracer/docs/cardano-rtview.md)).
Succintly there are 2 ways of running RTView:

- Local
- Distributed

> In the local way, `cardano-tracer` and `cardano-node` instances all run in the same
> machine. In the distributed way `cardano-tracer` runs on one machine while the nodes
> run on different machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the local setup, `cardano-tracer` and `cardano-node` run on the same
machine. In a distributed setup `cardano-tracer` can be used to monitor multiple `cardano-node`s which all run on different machines.
```

The one we want is the distributed one, where `cardano-tracer` runs on the deployer
machine and the nodes on the deployed AWS instances.

There are two particular things about the distributed way of setting up `cardano-tracer`:
it can act as a Server or as a Client. As a Server, `cardano-tracer` waits for connections
from `cardano-node` instances (so nodes are clients); and as a Client, `cardano-tracer`
connects to `cardano-node` instances (so nodes are servers). We pick which way we want by
configuring `cardano-tracer` with an `AcceptAt` or `ConnectTo` attribute and running the
nodes with a `--tracer-socket-connect` or `--tracer-socket-accept`.

> For our particular situation, we are going to use `cardano-tracer` as a client and
> `cardano-node` instances as servers, since we can only establish an one-way connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For our particular situation, we are going to use `cardano-tracer` as a client and
`cardano-node` instances as servers, since we can only establish a one-way connection
```

from the deployer machine to the AWS instances via SSH. As our configuration is static and

> we won't be adding/removing nodes very often this shouldn't be much of a problem. Again
> for more details about this tool can be found on its homepage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we won't be adding/removing nodes very often this shouldn't be much of a problem. More details about this tool can be found on its homepage.
```

### Setting things up

> This repository has a folder called `dev-deployer-cardano-tracer` where you can find a
> `config.json` and a `make-tunnels.nix` files. If you have filled the `./machine-ips.nix`
> and you have the machines running then all it is needed is to run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository has a folder called `dev-deployer-cardano-tracer` where you can find `config.json` and `make-tunnels.nix` files. If you have filled the `./machine-ips.nix`
and you have the machines running then all that is needed is to run:
```

```
> nix-build makeScripts.nix
```

This is going to generate `make-tunnels-mainnet.sh` and `make-tunnels-testnet.sh` that are
responsible for launching `cardano-tracer` and start up all needed ssh local port

> forwardings. This scripts however are stored in the nix store, but their symlinked
> counterparts are named `result` and `result-2` and these can be found in the same
> directory that last command was run. `result` is for mainnet and `result-2` is for
> testnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
forwardings. These scripts however are stored in the nix store, but their symlinked
counterparts are named `result` and `result-2`, which can be found in the same
directory that last command was run. `result` is for mainnet and `result-2` is for
testnet.
```

> After having completed one can setup one last local port forwarding from its personal
> computer to the dev-deployer machine in order to access the WebUI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At last one can setup local port forwarding from its personal
computer to the `dev-deployer` machine in order to access the WebUI:
```

```
> ssh -nNT \
      -L 3100:0.0.0.0:3100 \
      -L 3101:0.0.0.0:3101 \
      -L 3200:0.0.0.0:3200 \
      -L 3300:0.0.0.0:3300 \
      -o "ServerAliveInterval 60" \
      -o "ServerAliveCountMax 120" \
      -o "StreamLocalBindUnlink yes" \
      dev-deployer
```

for the mainnet monitor. And

```
> ssh -nNT \
      -L 4100:0.0.0.0:4100 \
      -L 4101:0.0.0.0:4101 \
      -L 4200:0.0.0.0:4200 \
      -L 4300:0.0.0.0:4300 \
      -o "ServerAliveInterval 60" \
      -o "ServerAliveCountMax 120" \
      -o "StreamLocalBindUnlink yes" \
      dev-deployer
```

for the testnet monitor.

> _NOTE_: That this is going to launch several programs in background, if you wish to
> completely terminate those make a quick search with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE_: That this is going to launch several programs in the background, if you wish to
completely terminate those make a quick search with:
```
